hello I'm Juliet and this is Delilah and
today we're going to make an amazing
magical Reindeer cake and there might
very well be some magic which of Santa's
reindeers has the worst manners no rude
Oh should we make this cake yeah so
we've got lots of lovely ingredients and
we're going to make an amazing sponge so
we have got chocolates and butter and
some sugar all melted down flour some
cocoa and some baking powder a sour
cream sour cream and vanilla mash it all
together need to make all of the yolks
disappear nice big bowl got this one in
I'll put these in the seat because I
always make a mess stone toilets all of
the cocoa in the baking powder mix
through and then we're just going to
fifth a tin I'll mix it all around oh
don't worry about that bit that is all
ready to go in the oven I think when you
tell a little bit of magic to you oh wow
they're great aren't they get these out
of the way you can do all that lifting
up later can't you give me first of all
we're going to cut them and make them
all level so when we stick it together
our brain Davis is going like that he's
nice and straight so don't worship so
let's get these already and then we're
going to stick them together with our
chocolate buttercream oh look at that
John's give it a nice stir all the way
around the edge all on the top and
smooth it all off so that that's gonna
make the cake stick together really nice
and firmly it's gonna see it all the
crumbs in and we're just gonna push it
against the sponge side to side so you
be the boss of the cake tricky isn't it
should I do it for you
I only use my phone still I'm gonna get
you through that watching after I quit
going you get them to the top splatting
on I've got none of these and it's just
a side scraper push it around the cake
and then it's gonna make it look really
new if you don't have one of these you
can use anything like a ruler I'm just
gonna do this all in one go look all the
way around and then we just do this on
the top just to flatten it off for that
they pass your inspection yes should we
put that in the fridge them and we'll
put it in the fridge for about 30
minutes the resin is all with the
reindeer cake we need to make something
very special don't we something like
long-wearing yeah so I've made a
template and we're gonna cut around it
and bake the antlers
pop your template on the dome and then
just use and I can just go all the way
around the edge better for mom and dad
to do this sort of thing is Nicks and I
feel a bit dangerous and she might cut
your belly that's right so I'm gonna pop
him over the other way and just do his
matching hair
these are just Lodi sticks I'm just
gonna go like the eggs look and push it
in
William we do two more just in case yeah
there we go so you can put those in the
oven now can't we
so we'll bake those um 180 for about 15
minutes because they might think I'll
pop those in so we can clear this away
and we could use this and we can make
cookies another day couldn't way off you
can catch it so we've got all of our
things ready we've got our biscuits to
be made earlier for that just matching
or just like yours we're gonna make some
ears a nose some eyes and we're gonna
put the amazeen and we're gonna give you
some fluffy hair he's gonna have two
little ears so we're gonna use a little
bit of brown pricing give it a bit of a
squash down below to make it nice and
warm so this is icing sugar so it's
gonna stop pricing signal subsidies snow
people ready you just need to bowl it
down so do you want to roll your bit but
a big thinner than mine oh oh it's
naughty that I feel Eric keeps sticking
to our little kid so what we're going to
do we're gonna make two ear shapes cut
it in half first of all and then I'm
gonna make one all the way around that's
going to be one put that on top and I
can cut around that one just in Treece
yeah just although about that's our two
is two more just on there so it kind of
looks like the inside bit she did put
this tiny little bit of water on the
back of these so just use your pastry
brush brilliant we're gonna use mini
sticks for our ears so that we can stick
with me okay I'm going to pinch it like
that and I'm gonna cut it with a knife
and you push it in a little bit I
flipped that's perfect
in about ten minutes they'll be nice and
hard and we can put those on top and we
want to put the eyes on the front of his
face
they are quite easy but should I tell
you a top tip we're gonna use something
that's round to mark out where we're
gonna put the ice so I know that I'm
gonna cover it now - yeah and that
wouldn't look good with it so we can
make our little eyes now explain we kind
of like rolled into a thin sausage
really you know we have the buttercream
that we covered our cake it will just
put a little bit of this onto our cake
so it sticks so what I'd like to do is
just make it pointed at one end just go
like that and then flick it up so so you
make north pointed at the one end
perfect and it's really good to other
bits on just to make these my lashes one
of my favorite bits we're gonna put
these nose on now so we need to make a
knife Rudolf he knows so to do that
we're just gonna make a ball take a
cocktail stick I'm gonna go like this
and just pop it in the buttercream and
you can put your nose on so let's make
him a nice green bow she'll make both
part and you make the ribbon give it a
squeeze yet if you squeeze it and I can
turn it and go how clever is that it's
like quill it's like two wheels yeah
Finnick spinach in it keep spinning keep
spinning keep spinning keep spinning
don't just join it up so we'll just use
our fingers and just make it nice and
flat and this is how you make a bow so
we just go like this and then just press
it just at this end and then give it a
squeeze that's good isn't it that's good
so we're just doing little bit to stick
it again just like that wash like that
so now we can put his Anderson and Smith
inside the piping bag we've got a large
star nozzle see that just like this so
we're gonna keep it near to the tape and
we're gonna squeeze it quite hard and
we're gonna go around kind of like a
race it's just wait that's it
lovely oh yeah that's really good cause
it's good your time
Bosch he's coming to life should we have
one of these antlers eat so I'm gonna
push it down look at that it'll be nice
just to put a little bit more hair now
just going into the way around
oh wow what do you think good hey Nick's
brilliant doesn't a high five it will
show me more oh you could eat it in
there nice mm-hmm
good I'll squeeze that's it
Freddie imagine this by the way thanks
for watching guys check out our other
videos on BBC good food YouTube channel
and now I think it's time that we have a
taste test on you oh right I saw him
look at that to try it
nice good job time for that washing up
the liner it's not gonna do it